All right.
So we understand how middleware works.
So to make sure that we have the logged in user, we can take the decent work token.
So the way authentication works is, as you can see here, when the user logs in, we save that user's
token in the context and it's also in the level of service of this token.
Based on this token, we can identify if the user is logged.
So if we give the token and if the token hasn't expired, right, and if the token is generated by our
application, by our server, which is something which we can take based on this data with the secrets
of this secret was used to generate that token, right?
So if it is, if the token is generated using this secret, that means our application issued that.
So that's a good thing.
And then if the token hasn't expired, for example, you can control or control it quickly go.
The user can also control I doing the same in.
We have generated the token using the user's I.D., using the secret and the expiry is seven D.
So if it hasn't been x four, if it is generated by us, then obviously now we will.
We know that we have the logged in user, right?
So for performing this trick, we can use another popular library for Express that is called Express
did a Betty.
So that function so that package will help us easily
verify the token.
And then based on that we can we will know if we have the user, if we have the user, then we will
be able to access the user's idea as well.
All right.
Now, before we do that, obviously, first thing we need to make sure we can send this token from our
front react application to our banking.
Right.
So we should be able to send that.
Now that means if you come here in the client an application, go to context.
Previously
we set the axis B0 here.
Right.
And that made it so much easier because you didn't have to divert the full API early localhost, 8000
less API.
You didn't have to keep writing that one.
When we send a request like this one here in the sign and you can see you can just give the endpoint,
you didn't have to put the whole you are out in a similar way.
We will be using excuse to make those requests.
So here instead of sending the token in the headers on is the of negative file using access we could.
Do some configuration in the context so that Axios will send the token in the House if it is available.
Of course it will send every time we make a request to our back.
So that way we don't have to keep writing the token in the headers all the time.
Otherwise you would have to write like this one.
Otherwise you would have to send.
Harris.
Authorization.
And then you sent
bearer and then some of this token you would get from your local stories or context, and this is how
you'd be sending the token in the headers.
Using excuse is in every time.
Now this is a hassle and we have to do it in many different files later.
So instead of doing it here, we're going to configure X use in the context for that.
If the token is there, then we're going to send in the heavies each time.
All right.
So let's try that.
It's good to context off.
I say here we did this configuration.
We have the base year and we did it for the both the environment, whether we are in the solar set environment
or clients and environment.
This will get more clearer later.
Our way, we had to do this.
But at the moment, let's just continue this one.
Right.
So here to add the token in the heavies, we could we can use x use dot defaults, dot headers dot com.
And then here we want to send the authorization token.
So authorization in brackets and the string authorization and then its value is going to be the token
and we have to prefix that with bare space and the the actual token actually this is the standard.
So we have to follow that.
So beer token and we have used it back this year.
Now you can see all to the token, that's the one, the ascending and that is what we have enlisted.
So once you have the logged in user, the user and the token, we will have that in the context so that
when we're sending.
In the house using authorization being written.
I can have one more take here just to make sure we have the dog.
And that is it.
That's all you need to do.
Now, let's copy this one and put Hasbro in when we are in the server side, server side environment.
This is the environment variable will be used.
So at that time also we may need to send the token so we can just put it here.
All right with this now we can give it a try.
Okay, so let's go to our back in route and here before we actually let's let's do it in the middle
here.
We're going to use that excuse.
Did a beauty.
A library and that will work as a middleware.
So we don't actually have to write here.
But just to see how we received the token in the headers, let's, let's give it a try request response
next
and then let's have a comma here.
So here we're going to write our middle.
This is just for testing purposes.
All right.
So here all we want to do is have a look at it console.log.
Let's try requests in the house.
I get to request dot.
It's like you saw we we are able to access a lot of these properties on the request.
Object response object.
Are you saw in the controls we could.
Access the request body.
Right.
So in a similar way.
Not only body, we could access the headset as well.
So if we are sending the token in the headers, we will be able to access that using request or hence.
Now this will be accessed by that express delivery package.
Who is willing to use very soon?
But for the moment, let's see if we actually get the token in the headers.
We should, because we are sending the authorisation token from our client.
So let's try this time.
This in another category.
Let's trust, submit.
All right.
And if you come here in your server console, you can see we got the headers and this headers has.
He doesn't have the authorization token, which we were expecting.
Now this happens.
Let me remove this too.
We should be able to access that.
Let's try again.
Let's try.
Note to use submit.
And you can see it now we have received so only it was it wasn't sent because last time I used this,
it was I think yesterday, even before yesterday.
So it has been sitting there.
I didn't even refresh to be supported.
That was the reason,
I guess.
So let's bring that back again and let's see if that has anything to do with it.
Refresh again.
Let's try BSP.
Submit.
And you can see we have got the authorization, a very token in the house.
Beautiful.
All right.
Let's go ahead.
In the next lecture, let's download that package from NPM and then use that to take the validity of
the token that we receive here in the request hence.